** @types/react-lottie; version MIT -- https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/react-lottie
Unknown
 

------

** aws-android-sdk; version 2.59.0 -- https://github.com/aws-amplify/aws-sdk-android
 
The AWS SDK for Android is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with
the Amazon Cognito Sync aws-android-sdk-cognito and Amazon Cognito Identity
Provider aws-android-sdk-cognitoidentityprovider subcomponent being licensed
under the Amazon Software License, and the Amazon Lex subcomponent under the
path aws-android-sdk-deepsense/src/main/jni/ under the AWS Customer Agreement
(https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ).
* For aws-android-sdk see also this required NOTICE:
    Version 2 of AWS SDK for Android

    Copyright 2014 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

    This product includes software developed by Amazon Technologies, Inc
(http://www.amazon.com/).

    Licensed under the Apache License Version 2.0

    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

    *****************************
    AMAZON PROPRIETARY COMPONENTS
    *****************************

    The following components are distributed under a proprietary license by
Amazon Technologies, Inc
    - AmazonCognitoSync - Copyright 2014 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All
Rights Reserved.(Amazon Software License)
    - libblueshift-audioprocessing.so & libblueshift-opus.so  - Copyright
2016-2016 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.(AWS Customer
Agreement - https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ )

    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


    **********************
    THIRD PARTY COMPONENTS
    **********************

    This software includes third party software subject to the following
copyrights:
    - Apache Commons Codec - Copyright © 2002-2014 The Apache Software
Foundation. All Rights Reserved. (Apache License Version 2.0, January 2004)
    - Apache Commons Logging - Copyright ©  2002-2014 The Apache Software
Foundation. All Rights Reserved. (Apache License Version 2.0, January 2004)
    - Apache HttpComponents Client - Copyright ©  2002-2014 The Apache Software
Foundation. All Rights Reserved. (Apache License Version 2.0, January 2004)
    - jackson-core - Copyright © 2009-2011 FasterXML, LLC. All rights reserved
unless otherwise indicated.(Apache License Version 2.0, January 2004)

    - gson
    Copyright 2008 Google Inc.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

    - Eclipse Paho Java Client - Copyright (c) 2007, Eclipse Foundation, Inc.
and its licensors. (Eclipse Distribution License - v1.0)

    - Kaldi - Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0

     Update to legal notice, made Feb 2012, modified Sep 2013.  We would like to
     clarify that we are using a convention where multiple names in the Apache
     copyright headers, for example

      // Copyright 2009-2012  Yanmin Qian  Arnab Ghoshal
      //                2013  Vassil Panayotov

     does not signify joint ownership of copyright of that file, except in cases
     where all those names were present in the original release made in March
2011--
     you can use the version history to work this out, if this matters to you.
     Instead, we intend that those contributors who later modified the file,
agree
     to release their changes under the Apache license.  The conventional way of
     signifying this is to duplicate the Apache headers at the top of each file
each
     time a change is made by a different author, but this would quickly become
     impractical.

     Where the copyright header says something like:

     // Copyright    2013   Johns Hopkins University (author: Daniel Povey)

     it is because the individual who wrote the code was at that institution as
an
     employee, so the copyright is owned by the university (and we will have
checked
     that the contributions were in accordance with the open-source policies of
the
     institutions concerned, including getting them vetted individually where
     necessary).  From a legal point of view the copyright ownership is that of
the
     institution concerned, and the (author: xxx) in parentheses is just
     informational, to identify the actual person who wrote the code, and is not
     intended to have any legal implications.  In some cases, however,
particularly
     early on, we just wrote the name of the university or company concerned,
     without the actual author's name in parentheses.  If you see something like

     //  Copyright  2009-2012   Arnab Ghoshal  Microsoft Corporation

     it does not imply that Arnab was working for Microsoft, it is because
someone
     else contributed to the file while working at Microsoft (this would be
Daniel
     Povey, in fact, who was working at Microsoft Research at the outset of the
     project).

     The list of authors of each file is in an essentially arbitrary order, but
is
     often chronological if they contributed in different years.

     The original legal notice is below.  Note: we are continuing to modify it
by
     adding the names of new contributors, but at any given time, the list may
     be out of date.

    ---
                              Legal Notices

    Each of the files comprising Kaldi v1.0 have been separately licensed by
    their respective author(s) under the terms of the Apache License v 2.0 (set
    forth below).  The source code headers for each file specifies the
individual
    authors and source material for that file as well the corresponding
copyright
    notice.  For reference purposes only: A cumulative list of all individual
    contributors and original source material as well as the full text of the
Apache
    License v 2.0 are set forth below.

    Individual Contributors (in alphabetical order)

          Mohit Agarwal
          Gilles Boulianne
          Lukas Burget
          Cisco Corporation
          Ondrej Glembek
          Arnab Ghoshal
          Go Vivace Inc.
          Mirko Hannemann
          Navdeep Jaitly
          Johns Hopkins University
          Yajie Miao
          Microsoft Corporation
          Petr Motlicek
          Vassil Panayotov
          Ariya Rastrow
          Saarland University
          Petr Schwarz
          Georg Stemmer
          Jan Silovsky
          Phonexia s.r.o.
          Yanmin Qian
          Lucas Ondel
          Karel Vesely
          Haihua Xu

    Other Source Material

        This project includes a port and modification of materials from JAMA: A
Java
      Matrix Package under the following notice: "This software is a cooperative
      product of The MathWorks and the National Institute of Standards and
Technology
      (NIST) which has been released to the public domain." This notice and the
      original code is available at http://math.nist.gov/javanumerics/jama/

       This project includes a modified version of code published in Malvar, H.,
      "Signal processing with lapped transforms," Artech House, Inc., 1992.  The
      current copyright holder, Henrique S. Malvar, has given his permission for
the
      release of this modified version under the Apache License 2.0.

      This project includes material from the OpenFST Library v1.2.7 available
at
      http://www.openfst.org and released under the Apache License v. 2.0.

      [OpenFst COPYING file begins here]

        Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
        you may not use these files except in compliance with the License.
        You may obtain a copy of the License at

           http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

        Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
        distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
        WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
        See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
        limitations under the License.

        Copyright 2005-2010 Google, Inc.

      [OpenFst COPYING file ends here]


     -------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                     Apache License
                               Version 2.0, January 2004
                            http://www.apache.org/licenses/

       TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

       1. Definitions.

          "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
          and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

          "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
          the copyright owner that is granting the License.

          "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
          other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
          control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
          "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
          direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
          otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
          outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

          "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
          exercising permissions granted by this License.

          "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
          including but not limited to software source code, documentation
          source, and configuration files.

          "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
          transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
          not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
          and conversions to other media types.

          "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
          Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
          copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
          (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

          "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
          form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
          editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
          represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the
purposes
          of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
          separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
          the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

          "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
          the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
          to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
          submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
          or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
          the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
          means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
          to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
          communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control
systems,
          and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
          Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
          excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
          designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

          "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
          on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
          subsequently incorporated within the Work.

       2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
          this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
          worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
          copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
          publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
          Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

       3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
          this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
          worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
          (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
          use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
          where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
          by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
          Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
          with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
          institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
          cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
          or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
          or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
          granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
          as of the date such litigation is filed.

       4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
          Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
          modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
          meet the following conditions:

          (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
              Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

          (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
              stating that You changed the files; and

          (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
              that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
              attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
              excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
              the Derivative Works; and

          (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
              distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
              include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
              within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
              pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
              of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
              as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
              documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
              within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
              wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
              of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
              do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
              notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
              or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
              that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
              as modifying the License.

          You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
          may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
          for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
          for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
          reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
          the conditions stated in this License.

       5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
          any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
          by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
          this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
          Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
          the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
          with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

       6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
          names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
          except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
          origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

       7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
          agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
          Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
          WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
          implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
          of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
          PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
          appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
          risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

       8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
          whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
          unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
          negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
          liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
          incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
          result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
          Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
          work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
          other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
          has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

       9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
          the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
          and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
          or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
          License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
          on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
          of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
          defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
          incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
          of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

       END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

       APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

          To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
          boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"
          replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
          the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
          comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
          file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
          same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
          identification within third-party archives.

       Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

       Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
       you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
       You may obtain a copy of the License at

           http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

       Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
       distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
       WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
       See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
       limitations under the License.


    - webrtc - Copyright (c) 2011, The WebRTC project authors. All rights
reserved.
    ============================
    Copyright (c) 2011, The WebRTC project authors. All rights reserved.

    Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
    modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
    met:

      * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
        notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

      * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
        notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
        the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
        distribution.

      * Neither the name of Google nor the names of its contributors may
        be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
        without specific prior written permission.

    THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
    "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
    LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
    A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
    HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
    SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
    LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
    DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
    THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
    (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
    OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

    - Opus

    Copyright

    Specification

    The specification is freely available as part of IETF RFC 6716. The RFC
includes the reference implementation, which is available under the three-clause
BSD license (see below).

    Implementation

    Both the reference implementation and the revised implementations on opus-
codec.org are available under the three-clause BSD license. This BSD license is
compatible with all common open source and commercial software licenses.

    Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
    modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
    are met:

    - Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    - Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    - Neither the name of Internet Society, IETF or IETF Trust, nor the
    names of specific contributors, may be used to endorse or promote
    products derived from this software without specific prior written
    permission.

    THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
    ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
    LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
    A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER
    OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
    EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
    PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
    PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
    NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
    SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
    Tools

    Most of the command-line Ogg-based tools that are shipped as part of the
separate opus-tools package are also released under the three-clause BSD
license. The only exception is the opusinfo tool, which is released under the
GPLv2 license. Proprietary software developers wishing to use Opus may copy code
from opusenc and opusdec, but they may not copy code from the opusinfo tool to
build their applications.

    Patents

    Opus is covered by several patents. These patents are available under open-
source-compatible, royalty-free licenses. If you are not trying to attack Opus
with your patents, you will not have problems with these licenses.

    Some of these licenses have been updated in the past and may be updated
again in the future. However, updates never invalidate the old licenses and
users are always free to rely on any of the previously available licenses. In
other words, newer licenses can give more rights, but never fewer.

    Xiph.Org Foundation

    The Xiph.Org foundation has several patent applications on techniques used
in Opus. When issued, these patents will be automatically available under the
terms provided in the below license. The license covers the listed patent
applications, along with any other patent or application covering Opus that is
owned by Xiph.Org.

    Xiph.Org Patents/Applications covered:

    US 61/284,154
    US 61/450,041
    US 61/450,053
    US 61/450,060
    and any other applicable
    LICENSE GRANT

    Xiph.Org Foundation (“Xiph”) hereby grants to you a perpetual, worldwide,
non-exclusive, no-charge,royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this
license) license under Licensed Patents to make, have made, use, offer to sell,
sell, import, transfer, and otherwise run, modify (in a way that still complies
with the Specification), and reproduce any Implementation.

    Definitions. Specification means, and includes the following, both
individually and collectively, (a) any standard specification of the Opus codec
adopted by the IETF Codec Working Group (“Standard”) and (b) any reference
implementation (each, a “Reference Implementation”) published by the IETF Codec
Working Group in the request for comments (“RFC”) issued by the IETF for the
Specification draft for which this License is issued, or any RFC that is issued
as an update or new version thereof. An Implementation means any Reference
Implementation, or another implementation that complies with the Specification.
Licensed Patents means all patents currently owned by Xiph or acquired hereafter
that Xiph has the right to license as set forth above and that are necessarily
infringed by the Specification, where “necessarily infringed” means: in the case
of (a) above, there is no commercially viable means of implementing the
Specification without infringing such patent; in the case of (b) above, use of
the reference implementation to the extent it infringes such patent.

    Termination. If you, directly or indirectly via controlled affiliate or
subsidiary, agent, or exclusive licensee, file a Claim for patent infringement
against any entity alleging that an Implementation in whole or in part
constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, or inducement of patent
infringement (a “Claim”), provided that a Reference Implementation also
infringes the patents asserted in the Claim, then any patent rights granted to
you under this License shall automatically terminate retroactively as of the
date you first received the grant. Claims made against an Implementation in part
will only trigger termination if the Implementation in part was done for the
purpose of combining it with other technology that complies with the
Specification so that the technology’s ultimate use will be consistent with the
Standard as a whole.

    This license is also filed on the IETF site.

    Broadcom

    Broadcom has both issued patents and outstanding applications covering Opus.
These are available under the same license as the Xiph.Org patents. The license
covers the listed patents and patent applications, along with any other patent
or application covering Opus that is owned by Broadcom.

    Broadcom Patents/Applications covered:

    US 61/406,106
    US 61/394,842
    US 7,353,168
    and any other applicable
    LICENSE GRANT

    Broadcom Corporation (“Broadcom”) hereby grants to you a perpetual,
worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated
in this license) license under Licensed Patents to make, have made, use, offer
to sell, sell, import, transfer, and otherwise run, modify (in a way that still
complies with the Specification), and reproduce any Implementation.

    Definitions. Specification means, and includes the following, both
individually and collectively, (a) any standard specification of the Opus codec
adopted by the IETF Codec Working Group (“Standard”) and (b) any reference
implementation (each, a “Reference Implementation”) published by the IETF Codec
Working Group in the request for comments (“RFC”) issued by the IETF for the
Specification draft for which this License is issued, or any RFC that is issued
as an update or new version thereof. An Implementation means any Reference
Implementation, or another implementation that complies with the Specification.
Licensed Patents means all patents currently owned by Broadcom or acquired
hereafter that Broadcom has the right to license as set forth above and that are
necessarily infringed by the Specification, where “necessarily infringed” means:
in the case of (a) above, there is no commercially viable means of implementing
the Specification without infringing such patent; in the case of (b) above, use
of the reference implementation to the extent it infringes such patent.

    Termination. If you, directly or indirectly via controlled affiliate or
subsidiary, agent, or exclusive licensee, file a Claim for patent infringement
against any entity alleging that an Implementation in whole or in part
constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, or inducement of patent
infringement (a “Claim”), provided that a Reference Implementation also
infringes the patents asserted in the Claim, then any patent rights granted to
you under this License shall automatically terminate retroactively as of the
date you first received the grant. Claims made against an Implementation in part
will only trigger termination if the Implementation in part was done for the
purpose of combining it with other technology that complies with the
Specification so that the technology’s ultimate use will be consistent with the
Standard as a whole.

    This license is also filed on the IETF site.

    Microsoft

    Microsoft acquired patents and applications related to Opus through their
purchase of Skype. These patents (and any other Microsoft might have had) are
available under a different, but still royalty-free, license detailed below. The
license covers the listed patent applications, along with any other patent or
application covering Opus that is owned by Microsoft.

    Microsoft Patents/Applications covered:

    US-2008-0201137-A1
    US-2010-0174535-A1
    US-2010-0174534-A1
    US-2010-0174547-A1
    US-2010-0174532-A1
    US-2010-0174537-A1
    US-2010-0174542-A1
    US-2010-0174531-A1
    US-2010-0174541-A1
    US-2010-0174538-A1
    US-2011-0077940-A1
    and any other applicable
    MICROSOFT OPUS PATENT TERMS

    11-7-2012

    1. Patent Terms.

    1.1. Specification License. Subject to all the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, I, on behalf of myself and my successors in interest and assigns,
hereby grant you a non-sublicensable, perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-
charge, royalty-free, irrevocable license to my Necessary Decoder Claims for
your Specification Implementation.

    1.2. Code License. Subject to all the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, I, on behalf of myself and my successors in interest and assigns,
hereby grant you a non-sublicensable, perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-
charge, royalty-free, irrevocable patent license to my Necessary Reference
Implementation Claims to make, use, sell, offer for sale, import or distribute a
Code Implementation.

    1.3. Conditions.

    1.3.1. Availability. If you own or control Necessary Claims, the licenses
set forth in Section 1 are subject to and will become effective starting on the
date that you make a binding public irrevocable commitment to license, on
reasonable and non-discriminatory royalty-free licensing terms 1) your Necessary
Decoder Claims to all implementers for Specification Implementations, and 2)
your Necessary Reference Implementation Claims to all implementers for Code
Implementations, where the terms of this Agreement satisfy any reciprocity
requirements in your reasonable and non-discriminatory royalty-free licensing
terms. The promises set forth in Section 1 will remain in effect so long as you
continue to make such claims available for Specification Implementations and
Code Implementations under reasonable and non-discriminatory royalty-free
licensing terms. In addition, as a condition of the licenses set forth in
Section 1, you acknowledge and agree that you have not and will not knowingly
take any action for the purpose of circumventing the conditions in this Section
1. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you are not required to make the commitments
set forth in this Section 1.3.1 as a result of merely using a Specification
Implementation or a Code Implementation as an end-user.

    1.3.2. Additional Conditions. This license is directly from me to you and
you acknowledge as a condition of benefiting from it that no rights from me are
received from suppliers, distributors, or otherwise in connection with this
license. This license is not an assurance (i) that any of my issued patent
claims covers a Specification Implementation or Code Implementation or are
enforceable or (ii) that a Specification Implementation or Code Implementation
would not infringe intellectual property rights of any third party.

    1.4. Termination. All rights, grants, and promises made by me to you under
Section 1 are immediately terminated if you or your agent file, maintain, or
voluntarily participate in a lawsuit against me or any person or entity
asserting that a Specification Implementation infringes Necessary Decoder Claims
or a Code Implementation infringes Necessary Reference Implementation Claims,
unless that suit was in response to a corresponding suit regarding a
Specification Implementation or Code Implementation first brought against you.
In addition, all rights, grants, and promises made by me to you under Section 1
are terminated if you, your agent, or successor in interest seek to license
Necessary Decoder Claims for Specification Implementations or Necessary
Reference Implementations Claims for Code Implementations on a royalty-bearing
basis, unless that royalty-bearing licensing activity is in addition to, and not
in lieu of, reasonable and non-discriminatory royalty-free licensing terms for
Necessary Decoder Claims for Specification Implementations or Necessary
Reference Implementation Claims for Code Implementations. This Agreement may
also be terminated, including back to the date of non-compliance, because of
non-compliance with any other term or condition of this Agreement.

    2. Patent License Commitment. On behalf of me and my successors in interest
and assigns, I agree to offer alternative reasonable and non-discriminatory
royalty-bearing licensing terms 1) to my Necessary Decoder Claims solely for
your Specification Implementation and 2) to my Necessary Reference
Implementations Claims solely for your Code Implementation.

    3. Past Skype Declarations. You may, at your option, continue to rely on the
terms set forth in Skype’s past declarations made to the IETF for the Opus Audio
Codec, subject to the terms of those declarations and in lieu of the terms of
this Agreement solely for the patents set forth in those declarations.

    4. Good Faith Obligations. I agree that I have not and will not knowingly
take any action for the purpose of circumventing my obligations under this
Agreement. In addition, I will not 1) seek an injunction or exclusion order
against a) Code Implementations for Necessary Reference Implementation Claims or
b) Specification Implementations for Necessary Decoder Claims or 2) require that
an implementer license its patents back to me, except for Necessary Reference
Implementation Claims for Code Implementations and Necessary Decoder Claims for
Specification Implementations. I will not transfer Necessary Reference
Implementation Claims or Necessary Decoder Claims unless the transferee is
subject to these obligations.

    5. Disclaimers. I expressly disclaim any warranties (express, implied, or
otherwise), including implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement,
fitness for a particular purpose, or title, related to the Specification or
Reference Implementation. The entire risk as to implementing or otherwise using
the Specification, Specification Implementation, or Code Implementation is
assumed by the implementer and user. IN NO EVENT WILL ANY PARTY BE LIABLE TO ANY
OTHER PARTY FOR LOST PROFITS OR ANY FORM OF INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER FROM ANY CAUSES OF ACTION OF ANY KIND
WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE OTHER PARTY HAS
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Nothing in this Agreement
requires me to undertake a patent search.

    6. Definitions.

    6.1. Agreement. “Agreement” means this document, which sets forth the
rights, grants, limitations, conditions, obligations, and disclaimers made
available for the particular Specification.

    6.2. Code Implementation. “Code Implementation” means making, using,
selling, offering for sale, importing or distributing 1) the Reference
Implementation, or 2) an implementation that, in the case of an encoder,
produces a bitstream that can be decoded by a Specification Implementation
solely to the extent it produces such a bitstream, and, in the case of decoder,
is a Specification Implementation, where that Specification Implementation may
also infringe Necessary Reference Implementation Claims.

    6.3. Control. “Control” means direct or indirect control of more than 50% of
the voting power to elect directors of that corporation, or for any other
entity, the power to direct management of such entity.

    6.4. I, Me, or My. “I,” “me,” or “my” refers to the party making this
declaration, and any entity that I Control.

    6.5. Necessary Claims. “Necessary Claims” means Necessary Decoder Claims and
Necessary Reference Implementation Claims.

    6.6. Necessary Decoder Claims. “Necessary Decoder Claims” are those patent
claims that a party owns or controls, including those claims acquired after the
date of this declaration, that are necessarily infringed by an implementation of
the required portions (including the required elements of optional portions) of
the decoder Specification that are described in detail and not merely referenced
in the Specification.

    6.7. Necessary Reference Implementation Claims. “Necessary Reference
Implementation Claims” are those patent claims that a party owns or controls,
including those claims acquired after the date of this declaration, that are
necessarily infringed by the Reference Implementation. Necessary Reference
Implementation Claims do not include claims that would be infringed only as a
consequence of further modification of the Reference Implementation.

    6.8. Reference Implementation. “Reference Implementation” means the
implementation of the Opus encoder and/or decoder code extracted from Appendix A
of the Specification.

    6.9. Specification. “Specification” means IETF RFC 6716 dated September
2012.

    6.10. Specification Implementation. “Specification Implementation” means
making, using, selling, offering for sale, importing or distributing any
conformant implementation of the decoder set forth in the Specification 1) only
to the extent it implements the Specification and 2) so long as all required
portions of the Specification are implemented. Specification Implementation also
includes any implementation of a decoder included in subsequent versions of RFC
6716 1) only to the extent that it implements the decoder Specification, and 2)
so long as all required portions of the decoder Specification are implemented.

    6.11. You or Your. “You,” “you,” or “your” means any person or entity who
exercises patent rights granted under this Agreement, and any person or entity
you Control.

    This license is also filed on the IETF site. The old license is still
available.

    Other disclosures

    While Xiph.Org, Broadcom, and Microsoft filed IPR disclosures giving
royalty-free licenses to their patents used in Opus, four companies that did not
directly participate in the development of Opus, Qualcomm, Huawei, France
Telecom, and Ericsson, filed IPR disclosures with potentially royalty-bearing
terms. The IETF allows anyone (and their dog) to file an IPR disclosures if they
think that their patents “covers or may ultimately cover” a standard. In fact,
for any organization who can be said to have contributed in any (very loosely
defined) way, these IPR statements are not just allowed, but required. It is
thus safer for organisations to declare as much as they can. As an example, one
can find similar non-free Qualcomm IPR statements on both SIP and SDP. To our
advantage, however, the IETF IPR disclosure policies require companies to
provide the actual patent numbers. This allows anyone to verify these claims for
themselves, which is definitely a good thing.

    When it comes to patents, it is difficult to say much without making lawyers
nervous. However, we can say something quite direct: external counsel Dergosits
& Noah has advised us that Opus can be implemented without the need to license
the patents disclosed by Qualcomm, Huawei, France Telecom, or Ericsson. We can
also say that Mozilla is confident enough in Opus to ship it to hundreds of
millions of Firefox users. Similarly, Cisco and Google are also supporting Opus
in some products. More companies are expected to do the same soon.

    Mozilla invested significant legal resources into avoiding known patent
thickets when designing Opus. Whenever possible, we used processes and methods
that have been long known in the field and which are considered patent-free. In
addition, we filed numerous patent applications on the new things we invented to
help defend the Opus community. As a result, Opus is available on a royalty-free
basis and can be deployed by anyone, including other open-source projects.
Everyone knows this is an incredibly challenging legal environment to operate
in, but we think we’ve succeeded.


    The licenses for these third party components are included in License file.

------

** aws-sdk-js; version v2.720.0 -- https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js
 
                                 Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

   1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
      exercising permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
      source, and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
      and conversions to other media types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
      as of the date such litigation is filed.

   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
      meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
      the conditions stated in this License.

   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
      identification within third-party archives.

   Copyright 2012-2017 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
* For aws-sdk-js see also this required NOTICE:
    Copyright 2012-2017 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

------

** amplify-android/core; version 2.0.0 -- https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-android/tree/main/core
 
                                 Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

   1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
      exercising permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
      source, and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
      and conversions to other media types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
      as of the date such litigation is filed.

   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
      meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
      the conditions stated in this License.

   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.
* For amplify-android/core see also this required NOTICE:
    No copyright notice

------

** typescript; version ^4.9.3 -- https://www.typescriptlang.org/
 
Apache License

Version 2.0, January 2004

http://www.apache.org/licenses/

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

1. Definitions.

"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and
distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright
owner that is granting the License.

"Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities
that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity.
For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or
indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by
contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

"You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising
permissions granted by this License.

"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including
but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration
files.

"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or
translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object code,
generated documentation, and conversions to other media types.

"Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, made
available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice that is included
in or attached to the work (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

"Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that
is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions,
annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an
original work of authorship. For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works
shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by
name) to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

"Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original version
of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works
thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work
by the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit
on behalf of the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition,
"submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and
issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for
the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication
that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright
owner as "Not a Contribution."

"Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf
of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently
incorporated within the Work.

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-
exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce,
prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and
distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License,
each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-
charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent
license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise
transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims
licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the Work
to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You institute patent litigation
against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit)
alleging that the Work or a Contribution incorporated within the Work
constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate as of the date
such litigation is filed.

4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or
Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and in
Source or Object form, provided that You meet the following conditions:

You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of
this License; and

You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that You
changed the files; and

You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You distribute,
all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the Source form
of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the
Derivative Works; and

If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution, then any
Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable copy of the
attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices
that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of the
following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the
Derivative Works; within the Source form or documentation, if provided along
with the Derivative Works; or, within a display generated by the Derivative
Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents of
the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do not modify the
License. You may add Your own attribution notices within Derivative Works that
You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work,
provided that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed as
modifying the License. You may add Your own copyright statement to Your
modifications and may provide additional or different license terms and
conditions for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or for
any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and
distribution of the Work otherwise complies with the conditions stated in this
License.

5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any
Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to the
Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this License, without any
additional terms or conditions. Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall
supersede or modify the terms of any separate license agreement you may have
executed with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade names,
trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required
for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and
reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in
writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its
Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties
or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks
associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, whether in
tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by
applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in
writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any
direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character
arising as a result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage,
computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or
losses), even if such Contributor has been advised of the possibility of such
damages.

9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing the Work or
Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for,
acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations
and/or rights consistent with this License. However, in accepting such
obligations, You may act only on Your own behalf and on Your sole
responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to
indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability incurred
by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason of your accepting any
such warranty or additional liability.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
* For typescript see also this required NOTICE:
    Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

------

** aws-amplify/ui-react; version 3.5.11 -- https://www.npmjs.com/package/@aws-amplify/ui-react
** aws-amplify; version 6.5.0 -- https://www.npmjs.com/package/aws-amplify
** aws-sdk; version 2.1248.0 -- https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-ruby/tree/master/gems/aws-sdk
** AWS SDK for iOS; version 2.30.1 -- https://aws.amazon.com/mobile/sdk/
** AndroidX Core-ktx; version 1.8.0 -- https://developer.android.com/jetpack/androidx/releases/core
** AndroidX Appcompat; version 1.5.1 -- https://developer.android.com/jetpack/androidx/releases/appcompat#1.4.2
** Material Components for Android; version 1.7.0 -- https://github.com/material-components/material-components-android
** AndroidX ConstraintLayout; version 2.1.4 -- https://developer.android.com/jetpack/androidx/releases/constraintlayout
** AndroidxTestExtJunit; version 1.1.3 -- https://developer.android.com/reference/androidx/test/ext/junit/runners/package-summary
** AndroidxTestEspressoCore; version 3.4.0 -- https://developer.android.com/training/testing/set-up-project
** Hilt Android; version 2.42 -- https://github.com/google/dagger
** AndroidX Preference; version 1.2.0 -- https://developer.android.com/jetpack/androidx/releases/preference#1.1.0
 
Apache License
Version 2.0, January 2004
http://www.apache.org/licenses/

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

1. Definitions.

"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and
distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright
owner that is granting the License.

"Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities
that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity.
For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or
indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by
contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

"You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising
permissions granted by this License.

"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including
but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration
files.

"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or
translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object code,
generated documentation, and conversions to other media types.

"Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, made
available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice that is included
in or attached to the work (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

"Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that
is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions,
annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an
original work of authorship. For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works
shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by
name) to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

"Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original version
of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works
thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work
by the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit
on behalf of the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition,
"submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and
issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for
the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication
that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright
owner as "Not a Contribution."

"Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf
of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently
incorporated within the Work.

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-
exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce,
prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and
distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License,
each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-
charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent
license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise
transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims
licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the Work
to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You institute patent litigation
against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit)
alleging that the Work or a Contribution incorporated within the Work
constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate as of the date
such litigation is filed.

4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or
Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and in
Source or Object form, provided that You meet the following conditions:

     (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a
copy of this License; and

     (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating
that You changed the files; and

     (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You
distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the
Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part
of the Derivative Works; and

     (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution,
then any Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable copy of
the attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those
notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the
Derivative Works; within the Source form or documentation, if provided along
with the Derivative Works; or, within a display generated by the Derivative
Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents of
the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do not modify the
License. You may add Your own attribution notices within Derivative Works that
You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work,
provided that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed as
modifying the License.

     You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may
provide additional or different license terms and conditions for use,
reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or for any such Derivative
Works as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and distribution of the Work
otherwise complies with the conditions stated in this License.

5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any
Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to the
Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this License, without any
additional terms or conditions. Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall
supersede or modify the terms of any separate license agreement you may have
executed with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade names,
trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required
for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and
reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in
writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its
Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties
or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks
associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, whether in
tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by
applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in
writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any
direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character
arising as a result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage,
computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or
losses), even if such Contributor has been advised of the possibility of such
damages.

9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing the Work or
Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for,
acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations
and/or rights consistent with this License. However, in accepting such
obligations, You may act only on Your own behalf and on Your sole
responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to
indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability incurred
by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason of your accepting any
such warranty or additional liability.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following boilerplate
notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]" replaced with your own
identifying information. (Don't include the brackets!)  The text should be
enclosed in the appropriate comment syntax for the file format. We also
recommend that a file or class name and description of purpose be included on
the same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier identification within
third-party archives.

Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

* For aws-amplify/ui-react see also this required NOTICE:
    © 2023 Amazon Web Services, Inc. and its affiliates.

* For aws-amplify see also this required NOTICE:
    © 2023 Amazon Web Services, Inc. and its affiliates.

* For aws-sdk see also this required NOTICE:
    Copyright 2015 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
* For AWS SDK for iOS see also this required NOTICE:
    Copyright 2016 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
* For AndroidX Core-ktx see also this required NOTICE:
    Copyright © 2019 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
* For AndroidX Appcompat see also this required NOTICE:
    Copyright © 2008 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
* For Material Components for Android see also this required NOTICE:
    /*
     * Copyright (C) 2022 The Android Open Source Project
     *
     * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
     * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
     * You may obtain a copy of the License at
     *
     *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
     *
     * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
     * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
     * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
     * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
     * limitations under the License.
     */

* For AndroidX ConstraintLayout see also this required NOTICE:
    Copyright © 2008 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
* For AndroidxTestExtJunit see also this required NOTICE:
    Apache License
                               Version 2.0, January 2004
                            http://www.apache.org/licenses/

       TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

       1. Definitions.

          "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
          and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

          "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
          the copyright owner that is granting the License.

          "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
          other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
          control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
          "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
          direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
          otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
          outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

          "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
          exercising permissions granted by this License.

          "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
          including but not limited to software source code, documentation
          source, and configuration files.

          "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
          transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
          not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
          and conversions to other media types.

          "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
          Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
          copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
          (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

          "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
          form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
          editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
          represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the
purposes
          of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
          separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
          the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

          "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
          the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
          to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
          submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
          or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
          the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
          means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
          to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
          communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control
systems,
          and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
          Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
          excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
          designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

          "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
          on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
          subsequently incorporated within the Work.

       2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
          this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
          worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
          copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
          publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
          Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

       3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
          this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
          worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
          (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
          use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
          where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
          by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
          Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
          with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
          institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
          cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
          or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
          or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
          granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
          as of the date such litigation is filed.

       4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
          Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
          modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
          meet the following conditions:

          (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
              Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

          (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
              stating that You changed the files; and

          (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
              that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
              attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
              excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
              the Derivative Works; and

          (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
              distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
              include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
              within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
              pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
              of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
              as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
              documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
              within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
              wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
              of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
              do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
              notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
              or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
              that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
              as modifying the License.

          You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
          may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
          for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
          for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
          reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
          the conditions stated in this License.

       5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
          any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
          by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
          this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
          Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
          the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
          with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

       6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
          names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
          except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
          origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

       7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
          agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
          Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
          WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
          implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
          of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
          PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
          appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
          risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

       8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
          whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
          unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
          negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
          liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
          incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
          result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
          Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
          work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
          other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
          has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

       9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
          the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
          and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
          or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
          License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
          on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
          of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
          defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
          incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
          of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

       END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

       APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

          To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
          boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"
          replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
          the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
          comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
          file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
          same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
          identification within third-party archives.

       Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

       Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
       you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
       You may obtain a copy of the License at

           http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

       Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
       distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
       WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
       See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
       limitations under the License.
* For AndroidxTestEspressoCore see also this required NOTICE:
    Apache License
                               Version 2.0, January 2004
                            http://www.apache.org/licenses/

       TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

       1. Definitions.

          "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
          and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

          "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
          the copyright owner that is granting the License.

          "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
          other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
          control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
          "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
          direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
          otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
          outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

          "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
          exercising permissions granted by this License.

          "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
          including but not limited to software source code, documentation
          source, and configuration files.

          "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
          transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
          not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
          and conversions to other media types.

          "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
          Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
          copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
          (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

          "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
          form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
          editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
          represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the
purposes
          of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
          separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
          the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

          "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
          the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
          to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
          submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
          or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
          the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
          means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
          to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
          communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control
systems,
          and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
          Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
          excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
          designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

          "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
          on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
          subsequently incorporated within the Work.

       2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
          this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
          worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
          copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
          publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
          Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

       3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
          this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
          worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
          (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
          use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
          where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
          by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
          Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
          with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
          institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
          cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
          or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
          or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
          granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
          as of the date such litigation is filed.

       4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
          Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
          modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
          meet the following conditions:

          (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
              Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

          (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
              stating that You changed the files; and

          (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
              that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
              attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
              excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
              the Derivative Works; and

          (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
              distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
              include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
              within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
              pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
              of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
              as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
              documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
              within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
              wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
              of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
              do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
              notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
              or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
              that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
              as modifying the License.

          You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
          may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
          for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
          for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
          reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
          the conditions stated in this License.

       5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
          any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
          by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
          this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
          Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
          the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
          with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

       6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
          names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
          except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
          origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

       7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
          agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
          Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
          WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
          implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
          of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
          PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
          appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
          risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

       8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
          whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
          unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
          negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
          liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
          incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
          result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
          Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
          work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
          other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
          has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

       9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
          the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
          and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
          or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
          License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
          on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
          of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
          defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
          incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
          of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

       END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

       APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

          To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
          boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"
          replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
          the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
          comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
          file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
          same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
          identification within third-party archives.

       Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

       Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
       you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
       You may obtain a copy of the License at

           http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

       Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
       distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
       WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
       See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
       limitations under the License.
* For Hilt Android see also this required NOTICE:
    Copyright © 20xx The original author or authors
* For AndroidX Preference see also this required NOTICE:
    Copyright © 2008 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.

------

** AndroidxActivityKtx; version 1.5.1 -- https://developer.android.com/jetpack/androidx/releases/activity#1.3.1
 
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
     you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
     You may obtain a copy of the License at

          http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

     Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
     distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
     WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
     See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
     limitations under the License.
* For AndroidxActivityKtx see also this required NOTICE:
    Copyright (C) 2018 The Android Open Source Project

------

** @typescript-eslint/parser; version ^5.33.1 -- https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint
Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors, https://js.foundation
 
TypeScript ESLint Parser
Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors, https://js.foundation

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL <COPYRIGHT HOLDER> BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

------

** MapLibre GL Native; version 5.13.0 -- https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-native-distribution
Copyright (c) 2021 MapLibre contributors

Copyright (c) 2018-2021 MapTiler.com

Copyright (c) 2014-2020 Mapbox
 
BSD 2-Clause License

Copyright (c) 2021 MapLibre contributors

Copyright (c) 2018-2021 MapTiler.com

Copyright (c) 2014-2020 Mapbox

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

------

** eslint-plugin-flowtype; version ^8.0.3 -- https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint-plugin-flowtype
Copyright (c) 2015, Gajus Kuizinas (http://gajus.com/)
All rights reserved.
 
Copyright (c) 2015, Gajus Kuizinas (http://gajus.com/)
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    * Neither the name of the Gajus Kuizinas (http://gajus.com/) nor the
      names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
      derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ANUARY BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

------

** junit; version 4.13.2 -- https://junit.org/junit4/
No copyright notice

Source code is available at: https://github.com/junit-
team/junit4/releases/tag/r4.13
 
JUnit

 Eclipse Public License - v 1.0

 THE ACCOMPANYING PROGRAM IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS ECLIPSE PUBLIC
 LICENSE ("AGREEMENT"). ANY USE, REPRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM
 CONSTITUTES RECIPIENT'S ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT.

 1. DEFINITIONS

 "Contribution" means:

       a) in the case of the initial Contributor, the initial code and
          documentation distributed under this Agreement, and
       b) in the case of each subsequent Contributor:

       i) changes to the Program, and

       ii) additions to the Program;

       where such changes and/or additions to the Program originate from and are
 distributed by that particular Contributor. A Contribution 'originates' from a
 Contributor if it was added to the Program by such Contributor itself or anyone
 acting on such Contributor's behalf. Contributions do not include additions to
 the Program which: (i) are separate modules of software distributed in
 conjunction with the Program under their own license agreement, and (ii) are
 not derivative works of the Program.

 "Contributor" means any person or entity that distributes the Program.

 "Licensed Patents " mean patent claims licensable by a Contributor which are
 necessarily infringed by the use or sale of its Contribution alone or when
 combined with the Program.

 "Program" means the Contributions distributed in accordance with this
Agreement.

 "Recipient" means anyone who receives the Program under this Agreement,
 including all Contributors.

 2. GRANT OF RIGHTS

       a) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants
 Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to
 reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform,
 distribute and sublicense the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, and
 such derivative works, in source code and object code form.

       b) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants
 Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent license under
 Licensed Patents to make, use, sell, offer to sell, import and otherwise
 transfer the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, in source code and
 object code form. This patent license shall apply to the combination of the
 Contribution and the Program if, at the time the Contribution is added by the
 Contributor, such addition of the Contribution causes such combination to be
 covered by the Licensed Patents. The patent license shall not apply to any
 other combinations which include the Contribution. No hardware per se is
 licensed hereunder.

       c) Recipient understands that although each Contributor grants the
 licenses to its Contributions set forth herein, no assurances are provided by
 any Contributor that the Program does not infringe the patent or other
 intellectual property rights of any other entity. Each Contributor disclaims
 any liability to Recipient for claims brought by any other entity based on
 infringement of intellectual property rights or otherwise. As a condition to
 exercising the rights and licenses granted hereunder, each Recipient hereby
 assumes sole responsibility to secure any other intellectual property rights
 needed, if any. For example, if a third party patent license is required to
 allow Recipient to distribute the Program, it is Recipient's responsibility to
 acquire that license before distributing the Program.

       d) Each Contributor represents that to its knowledge it has sufficient
 copyright rights in its Contribution, if any, to grant the copyright license
 set forth in this Agreement.

 3. REQUIREMENTS

 A Contributor may choose to distribute the Program in object code form under
 its own license agreement, provided that:

       a) it complies with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and

       b) its license agreement:

       i) effectively disclaims on behalf of all Contributors all warranties and
 conditions, express and implied, including warranties or conditions of title
 and non-infringement, and implied warranties or conditions of merchantability
 and fitness for a particular purpose;

       ii) effectively excludes on behalf of all Contributors all liability for
 damages, including direct, indirect, special, incidental and consequential
 damages, such as lost profits;

       iii) states that any provisions which differ from this Agreement are
 offered by that Contributor alone and not by any other party; and

       iv) states that source code for the Program is available from such
 Contributor, and informs licensees how to obtain it in a reasonable manner on
 or through a medium customarily used for software exchange.

 When the Program is made available in source code form:

       a) it must be made available under this Agreement; and

       b) a copy of this Agreement must be included with each copy of the
 Program.

 Contributors may not remove or alter any copyright notices contained within the
 Program.

 Each Contributor must identify itself as the originator of its Contribution, if
 any, in a manner that reasonably allows subsequent Recipients to identify the
 originator of the Contribution.

 4. COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION

 Commercial distributors of software may accept certain responsibilities with
 respect to end users, business partners and the like. While this license is
 intended to facilitate the commercial use of the Program, the Contributor who
 includes the Program in a commercial product offering should do so in a manner
 which does not create potential liability for other Contributors. Therefore, if
 a Contributor includes the Program in a commercial product offering, such
 Contributor ("Commercial Contributor") hereby agrees to defend and indemnify
 every other Contributor ("Indemnified Contributor") against any losses, damages
 and costs (collectively "Losses") arising from claims, lawsuits and other legal
 actions brought by a third party against the Indemnified Contributor to the
 extent caused by the acts or omissions of such Commercial Contributor in
 connection with its distribution of the Program in a commercial product
 offering. The obligations in this section do not apply to any claims or Losses
 relating to any actual or alleged intellectual property infringement. In order
 to qualify, an Indemnified Contributor must: a) promptly notify the Commercial
 Contributor in writing of such claim, and b) allow the Commercial Contributor
 to control, and cooperate with the Commercial Contributor in, the defense and
 any related settlement negotiations. The Indemnified Contributor may
 participate in any such claim at its own expense.

 For example, a Contributor might include the Program in a commercial product
 offering, Product X. That Contributor is then a Commercial Contributor. If that
 Commercial Contributor then makes performance claims, or offers warranties
 related to Product X, those performance claims and warranties are such
 Commercial Contributor's responsibility alone. Under this section, the
 Commercial Contributor would have to defend claims against the other
 Contributors related to those performance claims and warranties, and if a court
 requires any other Contributor to pay any damages as a result, the Commercial
 Contributor must pay those damages.

 5. NO WARRANTY

 EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED ON AN
 "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR
 IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE,
 NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Each
 Recipient is solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using
 and distributing the Program and assumes all risks associated with its exercise
 of rights under this Agreement, including but not limited to the risks and
 costs of program errors, compliance with applicable laws, damage to or loss of
 data, programs or equipment, and unavailability or interruption of operations.

 6. DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY

 EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT NOR ANY
 CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
 SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST
 PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
 STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY
 WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS
 GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

 7. GENERAL

 If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable
 law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of the
 terms of this Agreement, and without further action by the parties hereto, such
 provision shall be reformed to the minimum extent necessary to make such
 provision valid and enforceable.

 If Recipient institutes patent litigation against any
 entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the
 Program itself (excluding combinations of the Program with other software or
 hardware) infringes such Recipient's patent(s), then such Recipient's rights
 granted under Section 2(b) shall terminate as of the date such litigation is
 filed.

 All Recipient's rights under this Agreement shall terminate if it fails to
 comply with any of the material terms or conditions of this Agreement and does
 not cure such failure in a reasonable period of time after becoming aware of
 such noncompliance. If all Recipient's rights under this Agreement terminate,
 Recipient agrees to cease use and distribution of the Program as soon as
 reasonably practicable. However, Recipient's obligations under this Agreement
 and any licenses granted by Recipient relating to the Program shall continue
 and survive.

 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute copies of this Agreement, but in
 order to avoid inconsistency the Agreement is copyrighted and may only be
 modified in the following manner. The Agreement Steward reserves the right to
 publish new versions (including revisions) of this Agreement from time to time.
 No one other than the Agreement Steward has the right to modify this Agreement.
 The Eclipse Foundation is the initial Agreement Steward. The Eclipse Foundation
may assign the responsibility to
 serve as the Agreement Steward to a suitable separate entity. Each new version
 of the Agreement will be given a distinguishing version number. The Program
 (including Contributions) may always be distributed subject to the version of
 the Agreement under which it was received. In addition, after a new version of
 the Agreement is published, Contributor may elect to distribute the Program
 (including its Contributions) under the new version. Except as expressly stated
 in Sections 2(a) and 2(b) above, Recipient receives no rights or licenses to
 the intellectual property of any Contributor under this Agreement, whether
 expressly, by implication, estoppel or otherwise. All rights in the Program not
 expressly granted under this Agreement are reserved.

 This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York and the
 intellectual property laws of the United States of America. No party to this
 Agreement will bring a legal action under this Agreement more than one year
 after the cause of action arose. Each party waives its rights to a jury trial
 in any resulting litigation.

------

** @types/mapbox__mapbox-gl-draw; version ^1.3.3 -- https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/mapbox__mapbox-gl-draw
Copyrights are respective of each contributor listed at the beginning of each
definition file.
 
This project is licensed under the MIT license.
Copyrights are respective of each contributor listed at the beginning of each
definition file.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

------

** stylelint-prettier; version ^2.0.0 -- https://www.npmjs.com/package/stylelint-prettier
Copyright © 2018 Ben Scott

 
Copyright © 2018 Ben Scott

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

------

** stylelint-order; version ^5.0.0 -- https://www.npmjs.com/package/stylelint-order
Copyright 2016–present Aleks Hudochenkov aleks@hudochenkov.com

 
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright 2016–present Aleks Hudochenkov aleks@hudochenkov.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

------

** @tanstack/react-query; version 4.22.0 -- https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tanstack/react-query
© 2023 Tanner Linsley
** csvtojson; version 2.0.10 -- https://www.npmjs.com/package/csvtojson
unknown
** mapbox-gl-draw-circle; version 1.1.2 -- https://www.npmjs.com/package/mapbox-gl-draw-circle
Unknown
** date-fns; version 2.29.3 -- https://www.npmjs.com/package/date-fns
© Sasha Koss
** reactjs; version ^18.2.0 -- https://reactjs.org
Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
** @types/ngeohash; version ^0.6.4 -- https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/ngeohash
Unknown
** @types/react-dom; version ^18.0.6 -- https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped
This project is licensed under the MIT license.
Copyrights are respective of each contributor listed at the beginning of each
definition file.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
 




    * Package mapbox-gl-draw-circle's source code may be found at:
      https://www.npmjs.com/package/mapbox-gl-draw-circle

MIT License

Copyright (c) <year> <copyright holders>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

------

** @turf/turf; version 6.5.0 -- http://turfjs.org 
Copyright (c) 2019 Morgan Herlocker
 
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2019 Morgan Herlocker

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

------

** @types/node; version ^18.11.9 -- https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped
Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
** @types/ramda; version ^0.28.18 -- https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped
Copyrights are respective of each contributor listed at the beginning of each
definition file.
** @types/react; version ^18.0.17 -- https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped
Copyrights are respective of each contributor listed at the beginning of each
definition file.
** @types/react-syntax-highlighter; version ^15.5.6 -- https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/react-syntax-highlighter
Copyrights on the definition files are respective of each contributor listed at
the beginning of each definition file.
 
This project is licensed under the MIT license.
Copyrights are respective of each contributor listed at the beginning of each
definition file.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

------

** sass; version ^1.57.1 -- https://github.com/sass/dart-sass
Copyright (c) 2016, Google Inc.
 
Copyright (c) 2016, Google Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

------

** @typescript-eslint/eslint-plugin; version ^5.33.1 -- https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint/tree/main/packages/eslint-plugin
Copyright (c) 2019 TypeScript ESLint and other contributors
 
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019 TypeScript ESLint and other contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

------

** eslint-plugin-import; version ^2.26.0 -- https://github.com/import-js/eslint-plugin-import
Copyright (c) 2015 Ben Mosher
 
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Ben Mosher

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

------

** react-tooltip; version ^5.8.3 -- https://github.com/wwayne/react-tooltip
Copyright (c) 2015 Wang Zixiao
 
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Wang Zixiao

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

------

** vite-plugin-eslint; version ^1.7.0 -- https://www.npmjs.com/package/vite-plugin-eslint
Copyright (c) 2021-present Xiang Gao
^2.2.1
 
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2021-present Xiang Gao

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

------

** react-toastify; version ^9.1.1 -- https://github.com/fkhadra/react-toastify
Copyright (c) 2020 Fadi Khadra
 
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 Fadi Khadra

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

------

** react-lottie; version ^1.2.3 -- https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-lottie
Unknown
** react-lottie; version ^1.2.3 -- https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-lottie
Unknown
** react-lottie; version ^1.2.3 -- https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-lottie
Unknown
 
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 Your Name. <name@emailprovider.io>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

------

** stylelint-config-airbnb; version ^0.0.0 -- https://www.npmjs.com/package/stylelint-config-airbnb
Copyright (c) 2015 Airbnb
 
(The MIT License)


Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the 'Software'), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

------

** stylelint-config-prettier; version ^9.0.4 -- https://www.npmjs.com/package/stylelint-config-prettier
Copyright (c) Shannon Moeller <me@shannonmoeller.com> (shannonmoeller.com)
Copyright (c) Hugo Dias <mail@hugodias.me> (https://hugodias.me)
Copyright (c) 2017 Simon Lydell
 
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) Shannon Moeller <me@shannonmoeller.com> (shannonmoeller.com)
Copyright (c) Hugo Dias <mail@hugodias.me> (https://hugodias.me)
Copyright (c) 2017 Simon Lydell

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

------

** react-html-parser; version ^2.0.2 -- https://github.com/peternewnham/react-html-parser
Copyright (c) 2016-present Peter Newnham
 
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016-present Peter Newnham

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

------

** vite-plugin-svgr; version ^2.2.1 -- https://www.npmjs.com/package/vite-plugin-svgr
Copyright (c) 2021 Rongjian Zhang
 
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2021 Rongjian Zhang

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

------

** @vitejs/plugin-react; version 2.0.1 -- https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/plugin-react
Copyright (c) 2019-present, Yuxi (Evan) You and Vite contributors
** vite; version ^3.1.0 -- https://github.com/vitejs/vite
Copyright (c) 2019-present, Yuxi (Evan) You and Vite contributors
 
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019-present, Yuxi (Evan) You and Vite contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

------

** prettier; version ^2.5.1 -- https://prettier.io/
Copyright © James Long and contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
 
Copyright © James Long and contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

------

** eslint; version 8.22.0 -- https://eslint.org/
Copyright OpenJS Foundation and other contributors, <www.openjsf.org>
 
Copyright OpenJS Foundation and other contributors, <www.openjsf.org>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

------

** eslint-config-prettier; version 8.5.0 -- https://github.com/prettier/eslint-config-prettier
Copyright (c) 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022 Simon Lydell and contributors
 
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022 Simon Lydell and contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

------

** stylelint-config-standard; version ^29.0.0 -- https://github.com/stylelint/stylelint-config-standard
Copyright (c) 2015 - present stylelint authors
 
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 - present stylelint authors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

------

** SnapKit; version 5.6.0 -- http://snapkit.io/
Copyright (c) 2011-Present SnapKit Team - https://github.com/SnapKit
 
Copyright (c) 2011-Present SnapKit Team - https://github.com/SnapKit

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

------

** ramda; version ^0.28.0 -- https://github.com/ramda/ramda
Copyright (c) 2013-2020 Scott Sauyet and Michael Hurley
 
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013-2020 Scott Sauyet and Michael Hurley

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

------

** eslint-plugin-prettier; version ^4.2.1 -- https://github.com/prettier/eslint-plugin-prettier
Copyright © 2017 Andres Suarez and Teddy Katz
 
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright © 2017 Andres Suarez and Teddy Katz

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

------

** ngeohash; version 0.6.3 -- https://www.npmjs.com/package/ngeohash
unknown
** ngeohash; version 0.6.3 -- https://www.npmjs.com/package/ngeohash
unknown
 
The MIT License (MIT)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

------

** react-visibility-sensor; version 5.1.1 -- https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-visibility-sensor
Copyright (c) 2014 Josh Johnston
 
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Josh Johnston

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

------

** react-syntax-highlighter; version ^15.5.0 -- https://github.com/conorhastings/react-syntax-highlighter
Copyright (c) 2019 Conor Hastings
 
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019 Conor Hastings

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

------

** eslint-plugin-react-hooks; version ^4.6.0 -- github.com/facebook/react
Copyright (c) Meta Platforms, Inc. and affiliates.
 
MIT License

Copyright (c) Meta Platforms, Inc. and affiliates.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

------

** eslint-plugin-react; version ^7.30.1 -- https://github.com/yannickcr/eslint-plugin-react
Copyright (c) 2014 Yannick Croissant
 
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Yannick Croissant

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

------

** react-dom; version ^18.2.0 -- https://github.com/facebook/react
Copyright (c) Facebook, Inc. and its affiliates.
** react-router-dom; version ^6.4.3 -- https://github.com/remix-run/react-router
Copyright (c) React Training 2015-2019 Copyright (c) Remix Software 2020-2022
** eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y; version ^6.6.1 -- https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y
The MIT License (MIT) Copyright (c) 2016 Ethan Cohen
 
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

------

** zustand; version ^4.1.4 -- https://github.com/pmndrs/zustand
Copyright (c) 2019 Paul Henschel

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.
 
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019 Paul Henschel

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

------

** stylelint; version ^14.15.0 -- https://github.com/stylelint/stylelint
Copyright (c) 2015 - present Maxime Thirouin, David Clark & Richard Hallows
 
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 - present Maxime Thirouin, David Clark & Richard Hallows

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
